[docs] clarify that `$effect` analyzes functions deeply (#15144)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-runes/04-$effect.md

### Understanding dependencies

> `$effect` automatically picks up any reactive values (`$state`, `$derived`, `$props`) that are _synchronously_ read inside its function body (and nested functions) and registers them as dependencies. When those dependencies change, the `$effect` schedules a rerun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$effect` automatically picks up any reactive values (`$state`, `$derived`, `$props`) that are _synchronously_ read inside its function body (including indirectly, via function calls) and registers them as dependencies. When those dependencies change, the `$effect` schedules a rerun.
```
